hello guys we are all new
here we are whoever there is nobody else
I'm back here so I'm back again
here to talk about enjoying leisure and
liquids I had left a liquid from
try some gold reserve
tonight we slam the mandarin down
guys to nose so you seem to have
the plant to plant seems to me to have the
mandarin the clementine on the certain of
there is also fruit in front of the table
light colored scarf
more than that what you want then color
always be shaken by liquid
to shake well well well color
show color show is right there
pure clementine to the nth degree
holy heaven that is beautiful , however, the shaft
tonight on leon mastantuono mode 18 6 50
sony booties the five a pv that own
coeli to larger than my home
that is a lot of stuff really shortly there
I will also talk about this but back to the
our thick liquid isvap
boys is pure pure Clementine gold ie
just pure clementine
there's nothing to do I'm appalled
alibi top
we must also say that he is suffocating him
on a system that mom hello right with
one of the best batteries are there
now on the market that is a push
how spectacular this liquid explodes
just explodes in here i'm not
escaping dual micro configuration col
so I am in four wires of cable
metallic that catch you on the liquid
to much stuff just lots and lots of it
too much
this is the definitive system
honestly from my point of view for
the regard
here
the taste is absolutely perceived
of mandarin peel is like
eat just take a tangerine
veil clean on the peasant style jacket
and you give him a bite with the skin that is
the same thing
I really don't have enough words
I don't have to say, though
actually the molecule is sensitive
to heat therefore with very high heat
slightly changes but just one thing
[Music]
that I feel it because I'm using this
in short, copious smokiness
exactly one clementine is not enough
no way
if you want to escape from mandarin clementines
organic joyce in joyce vapori gerbò
fantastic for me honestly the top that
is now on the market in Italy
having said that I have absolutely nothing else
reach it because it would be the known
more so, therefore, I greet you vi
invitation to subscribe to the channel with link
that eli lilly subscribe to the page
of the guru of entertainment on facebook
share the video on the video there is
liked put the like below and that
entertainment is with you
hello to everyone next time